# 2024-05-16

## Agenda

- Assign roles
- Announcements
    - Highlight any upcoming milestones that need our attention
- Agree on agenda
- Review Objectives (*Frank*)
    - **Goal**:  
    - **Proposal**:  
    - **Previous discussion**:  
- Call for clarifications

## Attendance

Council: Gabe Cohen, Moe Jangda, Leo Ribeiro, Frank Hinek, Jiyoon Koo, Rizel Scarleet, Kirah Sapong, Kendall Weihe, Henry Tsai

Observers: None

## Notes

- Assign roles
    - Facilitator: Frank
    - Note taker: Frank
- Announcements
    - notes
- Review Objectives
    - Develop and maintain high-quality, trustworthy, open-source specifications and dev kits for tbDEX and Web5 Platforms.
    - Foster collaboration, trust, and innovation within the developer community.
    - Drive clarity and cohesion within the development teams; between the development teams and the rest of the organization.
    - Promote interoperability and widespread adoption of tbDEX and Web5.
- Initial Technical Steering Committee (TSC) members
    - DevRel: Rizel
    - OSP: Leo
    - Standards: Gabe
    - SDK DRIs: Henry, Jiyoon, Kendall, Kirah, Moe, Frank
- Guiding principles
    - TSC delegates most decisions and work to Working Groups and focuses on     - prioritization, coordination, and resolving ambiguity. Additionally,     - any work that falls outside the charter of existing groups.
    - TSC is a member-driven organization with representatives from across     - TBD Engineering and each Working Group.
    - Foster a writing culture in which changes to specifications and     - governance processes are proposed as RFCs, which are reviewed by     - Working Groups (or TSC, if applicable).
    - Deliberative decisions with a bias towards action.
- Recommendations for initial work of the TSC:
    - Determining where and how frequently the Committee meets.
    - Establishing the charter for the TSC.
    - Defining the RFC Process for introducing change.
    - Define how Working Groups are chartered.
    - Decide which Working Groups to start with:
      - tbDEX
      - Web5
      - Rust Core
    - Decide how to organize the GitHub repositories that will facilitate TBD’s Open Standards Development (OSD) efforts.
- Clarifications
    - notes
