# 2024-08-08

## Agenda

- Assign roles
- Announcements
  - Highlight any upcoming milestones that need our attention
- Agree on agenda
- CI Test Suite Update (*Leo*)
  - **Goal**: Share status update and next steps.
- How to best accelerate app / PFI developers (*Frank*)
  - **Goal**: About discussion about ideas to make it easier for developers to get started.
- Web5 Spec & Test Vector Updates (*Gabe*)
  - **Goal**: Share status update and next steps.
- Call for clarifications

## Attendance

TSC Members: 

Observers: 

## Notes

- Assign roles
  - Facilitator: Frank Hinek
  - Note taker: Kendall Weihe
- Announcements
  - notes
- CI Test Suite Update
  - Leo: 
    - WIP PR in tbdex spec repo https://github.com/TBD54566975/tbdex/pull/361
    - every open PR the pipeline will run tests and update reporting
    - planning on adding a scheduled job as well
      - upon failure will automatically open issues with failure summaries
    - aiming to wrap up by early next week
  - Gabe:
    - concern around the scheduled-job idea
    - catchup vs maintenance & then also considerations of introducing new test vectors
- How to best accelerate app / PFI developers
  - Leo:
    - why haven't we been tagging the spec repo
  - Kendall:
    - spec versioning has been overlooked b/c dev mode
  - Leo:
    - any ideas on what the versioning solution should be?
  - Frank:
    - probably need something more intentional than we have right now
    - we should consider the system comprehensively and come to what will work best for us right now
    - how should we consider the changelog in relation to this as well?
  - Leo:
    - how do think about this in relation to the guides?
  - Moe:
    - the guides will need some degree of reference to the versions
  - Frank:
    - the guides should probably be referenced to the spec version, right?
  - consensus: yes
  - we're in the process of updating the guides
  - Frank:
    - major semver changes would take *new* guides as opposed to updating old
    - bit of a high priority b/c we have people trying to build right now
- Web5 Spec & Test Vector Updates
  - Gabe:
    - rendered the web5 spec up
    - important to have clear language on important features, so we can create test vectors
    - call for review
    - next step: parallel doc w/ all the clear language (MUST's) and then pair w/ Leo on test vectors
- Exemplars / sandbox
  - Frank:
    - we have existing suite of exemplars, but whats next
    - do we want to have something equivalent to the blackbox test
    - such that people can use it as a sandbox
    - "go here and run this test, if it works then you're good"
    - is there an easier way to make the sandbox test available to all app builders?
  - Moe:
    - in the midst of writing up a technical proposal for TBD's PFI
    - expose a "fake offering"
    - and then dev's can use that "fake offering" 
      - wouldn't actually move money, but it would test a real PFI w/ the full flow
    - thoughts on this idea vs an exemplar?
  - Frank:
    - do we want it open to the public?
  - Moe:
    - yes, the more traffic we can have the better 
  - Frank:
    - could it be in a staging env?
  - Moe:
    - yes, use TBDs staging env
    - doesn't save customer data, no real money, completely sandboxed 
  - Frank:
    - would be great to have one less thing to maintain, since we'll need this anyways for internal usage
  - Kendall:
    - what about the same thing but the inverse side -- the client-side of tbDEX
  - Ethan:
    - DIDPay may serve that purpose
  - consensus: agreed
  - Kendall:
    - what about programmatic access tho?
    - because running a iOS/android sim is a large endevour
  - Moe:
    - maybe we go with a scripted blackbox test?
- Protected offerings
  - Moe:
    - Add some sort of "protected" feature the tbdex API
    - Such that KBC-based interactions are secured behind some auth mechanism
  - Kendall:
    - Could we a VC instead of an identity based solution?
  - consensus: maybe, we need to think through all of the details
  - consensus: but for sure KBC-based offerings make no sense to be publicly available
- Clarifications
  - notes
