# 2024-06-13

## Agenda

- Assign roles
- Announcements
  - Highlight any upcoming milestones that need our attention
- Agree on agenda
- Any blockers for Web5 & Rust WG Charters (*Frank*)
  - **Goal**: Identify if there are any remaining blockers
  - **Proposal**: Merge on or before Friday, June 14th if no blockers.
- WG kick offs, timelines, and coordination (*Gabe*)
  - **Goal**: *TODO: Gabe to define during meeting*
- Reassign Kotlin DRI (*Jiyoon*)
  - **Goal**: Callout that the Kotlin SDK DRI should be changed.
- Call for clarifications

## Attendance

TSC: Frank, Gabe, Henry, Jiyoon, Kendall, Kirah

Observers: None

## Notes

- Assign roles
  - Facilitator: Henry
  - Note taker: Frank
- Announcements
  - By end of next week, the plan is to validate that a Rust binding for Kotlin will work in a Block
    container services environment. Jiyoon raised several questions about blockers and the approach
    being taken.  Kendall and Diane can reach out to Jiyoon if there are any Kotlin questions she
    can help with.
- Any blockers for Web5 & Rust WG Charters
  - Web5 and Rust WG charters have been open for a week.
  - If there’s any blocking feedback please comment on the Web5 and Rust WG charters today or
    tomorrow. Goal is to have both approved by the end of this week.
  - Reminder to review the tbDEX WG charter if you haven't already.
- WG kick offs, timelines, and coordination
  - Jiyoon noted that the tbDEX WG had its kick off on Monday, June 10th.
  - Frank called out that Moe and Jiyoon will be prioritizing updates to the tbdex-go and web5-go
    SDKs to support the PFI build.
  - Jiyoon called out that there are several SDKs that haven't been updated to reflect changes to
    the tbDEX spec that have occurred since April 1st.  It is also possible that the spec itself
    may be behind tbdex-go at this point.  Need to confirm.
  - Frank proposed a common practice to create tracking issues in every SDK repo when a tbDEX or
    Web5 spec change occurs.  The DRIs of each SDK will be responsible for implementation to close
    the issue.
- Reassign Kotlin DRI
  - Jiyoon requested that the DRI for the Kotlin Web5 & tbDEX SDKs be changed to another individual.
    Frank and Jiyoon to work together on the transition plan.
- Clarifications
  - notes
